Well, the answer is all how many buckets
fit the car is not even enough for me, I
already used and empty buckets and
all things hip shorter all that was
I have
loaded three buckets was not enough now we
unload and see how many buckets
climbed the car to be honest yet a place
left here for gallons machine
closes without problems
the car closes the trunk more accurately
closes
no problem like so
the glass to call is not open and that's how he
skylight these don't even cling to the roof not
Nothing that is, I put so
neatly bucket on the bucket bed
below everything is as it should be neatly all
I put everything I put
tripod and destroy and you think so
I will start to start two neighbor buckets
wound up
so we put here so we slazhivat
it's full
3 4 5 6 7
eight
9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19
22 23
and so
saved 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36
now let's unload these
36 and there you see
four buckets left in the car over there
further 4 cores
i.e., forty buckets quietly
and if even the top five could still be
four together here is a house in which
can be transported
to work with forty paint buckets
That is how and up to 40 buckets she
loaded
here the frame construction holds
overhanging rear suspension with pumping
there with all with all the affairs that is
you load husband to go easy all thanks
for watching
smile all the best
liked put huskies did not like
write comments so on
Thank you all so much